I'm tickling my baby you guys okay so I
know it's late to do November favorite
but I've been super busy and okay come
on say hi let me put a bow on her head
sir might I fix my baby is a boy you see
my hair show me a show me smile
what's your time hey I'm a girl oh yeah
I'm not a boy mmm everything's I'm a boy
could you you have earrings in your hair
my home ok so this month my favorite
bass bleep happens no no it's no one can
say look we remember here don't find us
they wanna see you cry ok so here show
them this man happen this is my favorite
chapstick for this month it's all
natural carrot actually my friend nila
gave it to me and then you guys show
them this man after he wanted on your
lips hey Lissy come on Dave it yeah okay
here put on mommy this no mommy thank
you that's a lot okay I have a surprise
for you guys my new Sailor social
collection I was going to launch it in
January but it's December so mindful
launch a little early thank you my mummy
really shiny now see so at the end of
this video I will give you a sneak peek
of a few of the items from my new
collection if you want to see the rest
just go to UM my online store and you
can see the rest awesome I having this
fringe swimsuit collection as everyone
likes fringe now but I have like some
amazing french things I just sent them
off to get professional pictures done so
i won't show you those yet I do have
some on my site they're on a mannequin
don't but i'll show you those in a later
video but you will see some of my
favorite pieces
it's a few at the end of this video and
then when my favorite lotion for this
man had fun sex in the city lotion mask
my husband got me the whole collection
of the lotion and then I've been loving
the perfume this is a perfume smells
good so yeah good put the top back on
that and it also comes with a little
bottle this little bottom right here
then i've been using a lava but um yeah
so that's this is my favorite oh another
one of my favorite things service man
this is really kind of short is my baby
being gone to the toilet you've been
going to the pool sure Sonia cuckoo
Piplup yeah I boo boo I blue cheese boo
boo so she's going to the pot so
eventually I don't have to buy diapers
anymore and her flirt back yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah whatever she and her
birthday is 12 12 12 this year so it's a
laugh oh my god that's
turn-of-the-century whatever it's called
for this year and so yeah her birthday
12 plus 12 and you're going to get a
cell phone she's gonna eat itself off a
toy cell phone huh so she could leave my
phone alone and phone will talk back to
her but yeah so that's basically my
favorite things for this month and um
yeah oh that pink is a pink shirt if you
go to my schooling channel you will see
the pink shirt that I just did it
zwilling video and I love that shirt
like I've been wearing a lot like really
a lot even man I forgot some stains on
it from holding her but yeah i really
like that and i love my perfume and
lotion in my chapstick oh she just
really put her whole thumb in here we're
gonna say show them your lips shown you
live now you're not going to need
chapstick for a whole year girl hey say
by my you can make sure you subscribe
hey Robert do you really not that give
me kid
okay are you booking by subscribe oh
you're a girl
you